docs: refresh docs landing page (#832)
OpenFreeEnergy/openfe: docs/index.rst

Welcome to the OpenFE documentation!
====================================

> The **OpenFE** toolkit provides a free and open-source framework for calculating alchemical free energies.

Reviewer: I don't think "alchemical free energies" is something that exists?? But I could be wrong!
Maybe
```suggestion
The **OpenFE** toolkit provides a free and open-source framework for alchemical free energy calculations.
```

        Documentation on available methods included in the openfe package

    .. grid-item-card:: Changelog
        :img-top: _static/Showcase.svg
        :text-align: center
        :link: CHANGELOG
        :link-type: doc

        Any notable changes in the package for each released version

    .. grid-item-card:: Tutorials
        :img-top: _static/Tutorial.svg
        :text-align: center
        :link: tutorials/index
        :link-type: doc

        Worked through examples of how to use the OpenFE toolkit

    .. grid-item-card:: User Guide
        :img-top: _static/UserGuide.svg
        :text-align: center
        :link: guide/index
        :link-type: doc

        Explanations of the underlying concepts behind the OpenFE toolkit

    .. grid-item-card:: Cookbook
        :img-top: _static/Cookbook.svg
        :text-align: center
        :link: cookbook/index
        :link-type: doc

        How-to guides for toolkit components

    .. grid-item-card:: API Reference
        :img-top: _static/API.svg
        :text-align: center
        :link: reference/index
        :link-type: doc

        Technical details on the toolkit's core methods and classes

> .. toctree::

Reviewer 2: stupid question do we need this here?
```suggestion

```

I think it makes this, right?
![image](https://github.com/OpenFreeEnergy/openfe/assets/12428005/398be625-014e-4814-b85d-4ef2fd4c3d77)

Author: seems to create warnings without 
```
checking consistency... /home/richard/code/openfe/docs/CHANGELOG.rst: WARNING: document isn't included in any toctree
/home/richard/code/openfe/docs/cookbook/index.rst: WARNING: document isn't included in any toctree
/home/richard/code/openfe/docs/guide/index.rst: WARNING: document isn't included in any toctree
/home/richard/code/openfe/docs/installation.rst: WARNING: document isn't included in any toctree
/home/richard/code/openfe/docs/reference/index.rst: WARNING: document isn't included in any toctree
/home/richard/code/openfe/docs/tutorials/index.rst: WARNING: document isn't included in any toctree
```
